---
name: visitors
title: For visitors…
weight: 20

---
<div class="row"> <div class="col-xs-11 col-xs-offset-1 col-sm-9 col-md-8 col-lg-9 col-lg-offset-1"> <h3 class="lw14-landing-visitors-subtitle lw14-landing-subtitle">Time and Place</h3> <p class="lw14-landing-visitors-text"> We are on the Northeast corner of 75th and Wehrli in Naperville (exact address: 1256 Wehrli Rd, Naperville, IL 60565). English worship services are held in the church basement starting on Sundays at 10:30 AM. </p> <h3 class="lw14-landing-visitors-subtitle lw14-landing-subtitle">Where to park</h3> <p class="lw14-landing-visitors-text"> Parking is available at the church parking lot. But our community is expanding, so parking spots get filled and remote parking is available for latecomers at the east side of the Burger King located near the Northeast corner of 75th and Naper Blvd. A shuttle transports worshipers from the remote parking lot to the church until 10:45 AM or so, and then takes them back to the remote lot at 12:05-12:10 (or 5-10 minutes after the worship service is done) as well as after lunch from 12:50-1:00 PM. </p> <h3 class="lw14-landing-visitors-subtitle lw14-landing-subtitle">What about kids?</h3> <p class="lw14-landing-visitors-text"> We have Sunday school programs for children of ages 4–11. For children 3 and under, there are babysitting rooms attended by volunteers. There is also a nursery room where audio from the worship service beams in. </p> <h3 class="lw14-landing-visitors-subtitle lw14-landing-subtitle">Lunch</h3> <p class="lw14-landing-visitors-text"> Our church caters from Chinese restaurants around the area. This provides us with an opportunity to sit down for a meal together after services. The cost for a plate is $3.00 ($1.50 for children). However, for first-time guests, lunch is on us! </p> <h3 class="lw14-landing-visitors-subtitle lw14-landing-subtitle">What’s after the first visit?</h3> <p class="lw14-landing-visitors-text"> We follow up on visitors with an email detailing our upcoming events. If you’ve enjoyed your time with us and want to look into our ministries, prayer meetings and community groups meet weekly. </p> </div> </div>